ListUsedDockerImages - fixing the automation's condition (#41178)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_20_11.md

#### Scripts

##### ListUsedDockerImages

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.12.11.4508456*.

> - Fixed an issue where the ***ListUsedDockerImages*** script would return a docker as a part of its list for a disabled automation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***ListUsedDockerImages*** script return dockers for disabled automation.
```
